---
date: 2025-05-06
type: meeting
summary: 
tags: 
attendees:
  - "[[Raghna]]"
  - "[[Teifion]]"
---


# Log
- Went through how to use git for updating design docs
- Discussed the [resources system initial design PR](https://github.com/durandal4x/design/pull/32)
	- Teifion described the issue he's been having working out how to store things like iron ore vs discrete components
	- Raghna clarified using a small number and then as it gets better use a larger amount as a base
	- Teifion explained why we store the smallest amount and then represent it normalised
	- Both in agreement on the resources system
- Raghna asked how we will define different concepts and how we will know we need a new concept
	- Teifion suggested as soon as you find the function is notably different from the majority of existing functionality in the system you look to change it
- Raghna asked about population system and how to segment it, warned about how [[Victoria 3]] made mistakes by making it too detailed
	- Teifion agreed, said we'd start simple
- Discussions about the difference between a ship and a station, several ideas but both agreed a "we'll get to it when we get to it"
- Raghna pointed out the advantages of building the game to be simpler at the start of the game and making development easier

# Actions
- Teifion to complete resources system PR
- Raghna to make mockups for resources screens
